We have had a few discussions about this bit.  As I said before I don't care if the McGoober is a disc, a program, an evil leprechaun or a maltese falcon.  It just has to be something that is of some significant value and has the ability to end the world.  

I like the mantra of Agent Jones "I am not human.  I am the biological manifestation of the company's will.  In the name of stability, I destabilise. In the name of order, I deliver chaos.  In the name of life I bring death."  He says it a couple of times during the book.

The interaction with Agent Jones is just meant to set up the fact that the disc is wanted and Sarah has sent an armed intelligence agent after a cleaner.  She has to have some reason to chase Cracker up.  She notes that Cracker's records are in the process of being deleted and she think he is going to be erased.  This sets up the meeting the in the nightclub.

"The blank" lying around for hours and hours is a bit of a problem.  May need a bit of a re-write.  Also the bit about the blank was going to be important, but it wasn't really followed up.  The death of the blank and his family is later mentioned as one of the reasons Agent Jones must die, but the whole blank thing could be rewritten or removed without too much difficulty.

The part about the operational support guys might easily be removed too.  They are later both tortured to death by Agent Jones to cover his incompetence.  This could be removed too.   

Crackers interaction at the security gates with a security guard is not of great importance.  Just showing everyone is a scammer and getting an implant in your brain is not a great idea due to clauses in the service contract  - they can operate on you, against your will, to implant the latest tech.

I do like the bit where I say "Law enforcement was engaged in shielding the rich from the poor, not protecting the poor from each other.  The poor could eat shit and die.  In the Primary Trade Dominion egalitarians were those who only ate eagle."
