There is a bunch of little snippets from different arcs of the story.  (All, generally, setting up the attempt by the Elvi to obtain/destroy the virus samples in the old lab.  The method of "assault" up the lab is to set up a hopefully amusing scene where the main characters are shot out of a tunnel along with about 10.000litres of liquid shit.  The tunnel  is supposed to be a giant arse from which they are explode out las a massive attack of the squirts.)

This is the start of the "official investigation" into the nature of the discs.  Hayley sets it up on her own authority.  Johnny has to be co-opted to assist - he doesn't like the idea of working for the public sector.  This is to set up the bit towards the end where Richard obtains all the knowledge of mutliple universes.
The meeting chaired by Damien Hardman is to give the reader information about the Black operation to obtain samples o virus from the old research labs.
The meeting between Sarah, Hayley and Agent Jones is to let the Elvi know that they are under an existential threat.  (Hayley (a cop) does not like intelligence agents and has there is no big conflict in choosing to assist the Elvi)
Meeting between Hayley and the High Elvis - to clue the Elvi up about the threat of genocide and to get to the point where they have to dig up the lab themselves and try to beat the agents of the PTD to the virus samples.
Planning to dig up the lab - Cracker thinks up a plan.  He has to speak to the owner of the nightclub that was bombed.
Short snippet of The Johnny standing in a singe lab coat in a smoking laboratory - he had spun the discs.
Scene with Damien Hardman and some research scientists - They accidently made a virus that only kills red heads - Damien wants to keep the virus because he is not too keen on red heads.  ("The Director imagined a world without redheads and concluded they wouldn’t be missed.  Freckles and orange pubes?  Alabaster skin that turns to cancer under the glare of a 50 watt bulb?")
There is an Elvis benefit concert - to hide the tunnelling. 
